# A Dark Dungeon
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/g_v7yFaz4BI
#### Description:
The program I made is called A Dark Dungeon. The game is a text-based dungeon crawler adventure game. The game is set in a series of rooms that may or may not contain items or an enemy to battle. The object of the game is to reach the void, a room that requires a level 4 key to open. Along the way, players will find items or equipment they can use. The player can look for items by using the search command. Once an item has been found, they can grab it using the get command. The player can use items in their inventory by typing the use command. If a player is engaged in battle they can use the run command to run away or the attack command to fight. If a player kills an enemy, there is a chance that it will drop an item. During battle, the player can also use items to heal or to boost a stat. Once the player reaches the void, the terminal will clear and it will display some ending text as well as a game over. If the player dies, the terminal will clear and will display where they died, and a game over.

The project folder contains main.py and Map.txt. Main.py is the main program where all of the code is executed. Map.txt contains a URL that provides a link to the image of the layout of the dungeon. I initially debated whether or not I should include Map.txt in the first place since I wanted to make the game strictly text. In the end, I chose to add the file because, people who are not very good at imagining a scene, may struggle to grasp the layout of the dungeon. In doing so, I created the image in an external program, uploaded it to an image hosting site, and linked it within Map.txt. I also debated whether or not to create multiple Python files in my project to handle the different functions and calculations, but I decided to stick to one Python file to simplify the development process and because the program itself does not require too much code since everything operates within a loop.

Regarding some gameplay elements, I initially planned to create a boss, but I scrapped that idea since I figured the game would become too lengthy, messy, and complicated. Instead, I made the object of the game to reach the last room. I also wanted to change the way damage for enemies and the player would be calculated. My initial idea was to make the damage dealt by the attack divided by the defense multiplied by a factor depending on the enemy type, but I figured, for a short game, such damage calculation is unnecessary and would probably make the game far too difficult for those unfamiliar with it. I also planned to include more enemies, but I figured adding too many might make the coding too messy and too difficult, so I decided to stick with 3 enemies: the spider, the wolf, and the beast, which are enemies that range in battle difficulty from easy, medium, and hard respectively. In the end, I created a novel text adventure game utilizing lots of concepts I have learned throughout the 10 weeks of this course. The game was very challenging to make but came out better than I initially thought it would.
